the prodigal son returning for you Zef
on your visits becomes you it's an
appropriate reflection of your soul my
body
Granite's from which to watch a
pillaging world a crevasse in which to
cower only scuttling from the shadows to
the bower of victim already ensnared in
your cowardly trap but you've made the
mistake of leaving the unbound as my
stature has grown so it is matched by my
appetite
step forward muscle
and we have our next boss Stefan he
actually only has three things he can do
he can bite at you he does this swipe
attack with his little arms on his
actual body and then he stabs the ground
with those arms that he has on the
ceiling and that's pretty much it
there's f on he's actually more of a
gimmick fight than anything else you'll
see in a few seconds it's really kind of
like all about really like all the
bosses and so it's more of a puzzle of
anything else by the way here's the neat
effects if you hit the tentacle arms on
the ceiling with a Soul Reaver it does
break them yes that's true however there
is picking things up and throwing which
is sort of similar anyhoo I love how you
can see that the flamethrower guy back
there he must have got hit by that giant
door anus thing that closed up there
which is pretty funny because he's right
in the right spot to get chopped in half
I really like that touch oh and one
other thing if you're playing this game
don't be an idiot like me see what I did
here I killed the closest tentacle if
you kill any of the tentacles kill the
far ones because otherwise you have to
dodge like this all the time and the
others die because they're any deal
where you are me now I live through it
so you know good enough I love that
sound by the way like something is gonna
pop out of it something of a
disappointing boss fight though yeah
it's really kinky
consuming Zef arms apostates silver has
bestowed on you a new gift like his
vampires form you are able to scale
certain walls which are otherwise
impassable but only in the physical
realm in the spirit world these in
substantial edifices will not support
you
tyranny here is that when you're in the
special room you don't have any sort of
man well the ridiculous thing is that
eventually that doesn't even matter in
the mountains beyond the pillars Nosgoth
cataclysms have exposed an ancient crime
and down with zefr soul you may now
progress where your path was either to
we impeded but yeah in defiance
you actually can climb walls in this
spectral realm so you know eat that shit
well you know I mean this was the Elder
God telling us this in this game and hey
hey no spoilers no spoilers are the same
elder God but yeah like also considering
the fact that he has still has quite a
few power-ups to gain I guess it makes
sense anyway we're pretty much done here
thankfully the silent cathedral is
effing over
thank God and next time we're going to
be heading off and investigating what
has come from the cataclysms I really
can't say more than that because it's
giant spoiler and one of those
interesting things in the game so I'm
just going to shut up I'll catch you
guys next time and hopefully meet you
maybe